Added a short guide about contributing code translations (#14716)
symfony/symfony-docs: contributing/translations/index.rst

Contributing Translations
=========================

Some Symfony Components include certain messages that must be translated to
different languages. For example, if a user submits a form with a wrong value in

> a :doc:`TimezoneType </reference/forms/types/timezone>` field, Symfony shows by
> default the following error message: "This value is not a valid timezone."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a :doc:`TimezoneType </reference/forms/types/timezone>` field, Symfony shows the
following error message by default: "This value is not a valid timezone."
```

These messages are translated into tens of languages thanks to the Symfony
community. Symfony adds new messages on a regular basis, so this is an ongoing
translation process and you can help us providing the missing translations.

How to Contribute a Translation
-------------------------------

Imagine that you can speak both English and Swedish and want to check if there's
some missing Swedish translations to contribute them.

> **Step 1.** Translations are contributed to the oldest maintained branch of the

Reviewer 2: what if the translation was not added in the oldest branch?

Author: Then it's an error of Symfony code (it has happened in the past; we just fixed it). For a translator, this is not important because they won't see the missing translation, so they are not aware that it's missing. They'll see them later when we fix this error and add it.

Symfony repository. Visit the `Symfony Releases`_ page to find out which is the
current oldest maintained branch.

If you know Git well, clone the Symfony repository and check out that branch.

> Otherwise, visit https://github.com/symfony/symfony and switch to that branch.

Reviewer: Is this link clickable?

> Otherwise, visit https://github.com/symfony/symfony and switch to that branch.

Reviewer 2: could link to https://symfony.com/doc/current/contributing/index.html instead wdyt?

Author: I don't follow you ... they need to go to GitHub website if they want to make these changes without Git or the console, right?

Reviewer 2: i meant to point the document already existing to the contributing part 

`If you know Git well` ... maybe in the otherwise, you could point to this page
sometime translations are first issue and this page is worth reading prior, even with already good knowledge of Git

that is what i wanted to write above

Author: Now I know what you mean. You are right! I've made some changes. Thanks!

> **Step 2.** Check out if there's some missing translation in your language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 2.** Check out if there are some missing translation in your language.
```
?

> **Step 2.** Check out if there's some missing translation in your language.
> You only have to check these directories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 2.** Check out if there's some missing translation in your language
by checking these directories:
```

* ``src/Symfony/Component/Form/Resources/translations/``
* ``src/Symfony/Component/Security/Core/Resources/translations/``
* ``src/Symfony/Component/Validator/Resources/translations/``

Symfony uses the :ref:`XLIFF format <best-practice-internationalization>` to
store translations. In this example, you are looking for missing Swedish
translations, so you should look for files called ``*.se.xlf``.

.. note::

>     If there's no XLIFF file yet for your language, create it yourself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there's no XLIFF file for your language yet, create it yourself
```

    duplicating the original English file (e.g. ``validators.en.xlf``).

**Step 3.** Contribute the missing translations. To do that, compare the file
in your language to the equivalent file in English.

Imagine that you open the ``validators.sv.xlf`` and see this at the end of the file:

> .. code-block:: xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: xliff
```

>     <!-- ... -->

Reviewer: should we add the filepath here?

    <trans-unit id="91">
        <source>This value should be either negative or zero.</source>
        <target>Detta värde bör vara antingen negativt eller noll.</target>
    </trans-unit>
    <trans-unit id="92">
        <source>This value is not a valid timezone.</source>
        <target>Detta värde är inte en giltig tidszon.</target>
    </trans-unit>

If you open the equivalent ``validators.en.xlf`` file, you can see that the
English file has more messages to translate:

> .. code-block:: xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: xliff
```

Author: I looked for and `xliff` doesn't exist in the Symfony Docs whereas `xml` is common (also, in this example we're just showing a XML file without any XLIFF feature, so this should be fine).

>     <!-- ... -->

Reviewer: should we add the filepath here?

    <trans-unit id="91">
        <source>This value should be either negative or zero.</source>
        <target>This value should be either negative or zero.</target>
    </trans-unit>
    <trans-unit id="92">
        <source>This value is not a valid timezone.</source>
        <target>This value is not a valid timezone.</target>
    </trans-unit>
    <trans-unit id="93">
        <source>This password has been leaked in a data breach, it must not be used. Please use another password.</source>
        <target>This password has been leaked in a data breach, it must not be used. Please use another password.</target>
    </trans-unit>
    <trans-unit id="94">
        <source>This value should be between {{ min }} and {{ max }}.</source>
        <target>This value should be between {{ min }} and {{ max }}.</target>
    </trans-unit>

> The messages with ``id = 93`` and ``id = 94`` are missing in the Swedish file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The messages with ``id="93"`` and ``id="94"`` are missing in the Swedish file.
```

Copy and paste the messages from the English file, translate the content
inside the ``<target>`` tag and save the changes.

> **Step 4.** Make the pull request against the Symfony GitHub repository. If you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 4.** Make the pull request against the ``symfony/symfony`` GitHub repository. If you
```
